feat(changelog): instances-added-stardust-learning-instances-in 2023-09-15 (#2143)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/september2023/2023-09-15-instances-added-stardust-learning-instances-in.mdx

---

> title: Stardust Learning Instances in WAW-2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Stardust Learning Instances available in WAW-2
```

status: added
author:
    fullname: 'Join the #instance channel on Slack.'
    url: 'https://scaleway-community.slack.com/archives/C03B4GW7DFG'
date: 2023-09-15
category: compute
product: instances
---

> Expansion to WAW2 Region

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> We're excited to share that our Stardust Learning Instances are now available in the WAW2 (Warsaw 2) region! This expansion provides you with even more options for deploying these cost-effective instances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are excited to share that our Stardust Learning Instances are now available in the WAW2 (Warsaw 2) region! This expansion provides you with even more options for deploying your Instances.
```

> Join the #instances channel on Slack to discuss and learn more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
